I know he's yours seeing all the things
you see
might feel thank you after a while
captain you do know she feel a hawk the
army wants to be certain that the chief
gets home to Montana safely without
incident of any India boys shut up he's
a butcher
and the two of you ought to get along
just fine
I've killed savages cuz that's my job
you have no idea what for it does to
immense I hate him I got a war bag of
reasons to hate him
this will be done and it will be done by
you parades over put them in change
you believe in the Lord Joseph
yes I do he's been blind to what's going
on out here for a long time if I did not
have faith what would I have
[Music]
not kill everything that's walked or
crawled
if you do it enough did you thought
that's what I'm afraid of
you should gotta take your dues we both
know just as easily be you sitting here
in these chains sometimes I am neither
Det
it's way when I want
understand this when we lay our heads
down out here we're all prisoners